//Created by Viraj Desai
//Last edited on 06/10/2018

Requirements : Python 3 should be installed on your computer.

If Python is not installed ,

1) Installation on Windows

Download and install Python 3.7.0 for Windows
Go to Python 3.7.0 downloads page
Find and download the Windows installer file that matches your system.
Open the file to start the installation wizard.
Follow the instructions and make a note of where Python is installed on your system.

Add Python to path
In the Windows menu, search for "advanced system settings" and select View advanced system settings.
In the window that appears, click "Environment Variables" near the bottom right.
In the next window, find and select the user variable named Path and click "Edit" to change its value. The value for this variable is a semi-colon-delimited list of file locations.
Scroll to the end of the value, add a semi-colon, and then add the location of python.exe. (If you do not know where your python.exe is, you can search for it.)
Click OK to save this change.
If you do not have a user variable named Path, click the "New" button.
Add a variable named Path and make its value the location of python.exe.

Finding python.exe
If you do not know where Python was installed, search for python.exe in the Windows menu.
Right-click the file name in the results, select Properties, and find Location.
Copy the location and add it to your path variable.
Confirm addition to path
Open a new command prompt and re-run the original command:
python
to confirm that Python 3.7.0 is installed and added to your path.

2)Installation on Linux

Open Terminal
Run the following command:
sudo apt-get install python3
After the installation is complete type python to confirm the installation.

1. Download the CurrencyConverterApp.zip file and decompress the file using WinRAR or any other unzip software.
2. Copy the CurrencyConverterApp folder and paste it to your desired location .
3. Open Windows CMD or Linux terminal.
4. Go to the location where you pasted your folder by typing cd path command , where path is the location of the software.
   Example: The folder is on desktop , type cd Desktop
5. Now type the following command
   python3 converterMain.py
6. This will run the main module and then you can perform the desired functions.

You will be guided through the program by the comments present alongside the code.
